So what?
Previously we have done.
We have done here.
Here we.
Each of the cells can be surrounded up to eight cells.
So this will not apply to the border cells.
So we raise the number for adjacent cells for each of the randomly placed mind.
Now in our example, we add on to the top number of the cell in the question and now in the find empty
cells matter, we find results if the player clicks on a mind cell.
The game is over.
So he no effort to play on a.
The game will be over.
But if he she clicks on a cell and listen to the mind, he or she uncovers a number indicating how many
minds the cell is adjacent to.
So playing on an empty cell, this one empty cell.
So plus cells with a number that form a border border around the space of empty border.
So we use a recursive algorithm to find empty cells here.
These are the recursive examples.
So in this call we check here, all in this one.
So what we have done in these codes, we check the cell that is located to left to an empty cell in
the question, if it is not empty, it is uncovered.
But if it is empty, we repeat the whole process by recursively calling a fine empty cell this one method.
So we have done with this part.
Now we have to create our method print component, which will turn numbers into images.
So here what we will do after three.
Yeah, after this one we will write here we will write public void field component and put the parameter
with the graphics g curly bracket open.
And under this we will start with the variable int and name, this name that uncovered.
So take in uncovered and here we will initialize it to the zero.
Here it will be the local variable of course.
Now we will take a for loop.
Here it is equal to zero and I will be less than to the number of okay, so I'm here to listen to a
number of rows and it will be the increment post increment under this we need another for loop with
the j variable.
Start with the zero.
Here g should be less than the number of columns of course.
And after this we need.
Jean remained here.
And now what we will do, we will take in cell variable, which will be equal to the field array.
And under this we will write I is multiplied with the and we need the columns and it will be.
So it should be in parentheses.
Who in the parentheses and should we end up with the G?
And now we need a condition here if in game and cell is equal to mine cell.
So here's what we will do.
We will set the in-game variable to the false, of course.
False.
Done.
And after that, we have to turn the numbers into images.
So if the game is over and we lost, we should all uncover the mines, if any, and show all wrongly
marked cells, if any.
So here we will take the another if condition here and right.
Not in the game.
And after in this commission we will take the first sell is equal to cold mindset.
So what it will do, it will say equal to draw mine.
Draw my lantern.
And another condition will be else.
If.
And that certainly is true equal to the mob mindset here.
We will do that thing.
Now we need to send it to the cell draw marker and done.
And now what do we do?
We will need another elusive condition here.
We will see.
Cell is greater than the mine cell.
So here we will do our part and send the cell variable equal to draw wrong.
Mark.
And then.
Now we need another last condition.
And if.
Sun is greater than mine cell.
So what we will do here?
I will write cell is equal to draw on draw cover.
Okay, so.
And the last one condition will be okay, we need that last condition.
In the last part here, we will take another if condition with cell is greater than covered.
Mindful ritual, see said, is equal to drama.
Grown mark here, which we do.
So here we need another sense of condition here.
And then we have to take cells greater than myself or not.
Here and here, human rights is equal to draw.
Okay, so we will set it to the draw and then take the ongoing variable to increment that.
Okay.
So here we have done.
If the game is over, we win lost.
We should all in on mindset, any and all wrongly marked cells if any.
So what we have to do, we should be cool.
We have to draw every cell on the window.
So what we will do?
We have to write a code here.
Theme
in this.
So here we will write Jean or drawing each.
Okay.
We don't try and take.
It's true.
These and the image of the cell here comma under parentheses we will write g multiplied and the cell
size here comma.
And after that take parenthesis.
Under that we will write I multiplied and the cell side, of course.
And then third these parentheses.
We will take this done so here.
Okay.
So what have we done?
This code.
This code line draws every cell on the window here.
So what we will do now, we have to check if there is nothing left to uncover.
We will.
If the in-game variable was set to false, we have lost.
So what do we have to do?
We have to write a code for that.
So after this, we will take a condition here.
If a statement and write on cover is equal to zero and in the game.
So.
Here.
What we did in the game is equal to false.
Then we have to take the status for we will.
So, Dexter, of course, here we will say the text.
C Jim Vaughan.
Or else if here.
We will take this not in reverse and in game here.
I will take the status.
What?
Smart label and set text to the game lost.
Of course.
Game Lost.
And done.
Okay.
Change to endgame here.
And so if there is nothing left to uncover, we will have the endgame variable set forth we have lost.
So this what is done.
Now we have to take the mouse breast method which will react to mouse clicks.
So the minesweeper game will be controlled solely by mouse.
So we react to left and right mouse clicks.